# File-sharing-system
The FSS consists of two types of entities: a file server and many clients.  In this FSS:  1. The client can upload files to the file server. It’s fine to upload them one at  a time. If the file already exists, replaces it.  2. The client can   be able to download a given file from the file server, by providing the  full filename path to the file server. If the file does not already exist, it returns an    error message on standard error and return a non-zero error code.  3. The client can be able to list the file system objects (files and directories) on a file  server   directory, including the file server’s root (“/”) directory. If the requested directory  does not exist, it can report an error message on standard error and return a   non-zero  error code.  4. The client can be able to create a directory (if the directory does not exist) and  remove empty directories (if the directory is empty), and   can be able to report whether  or not these operations succeeded. If there’s an error, it can report an error message  on standard error and return a non-zero error   code.  5. The client can be able to remove a given file from the file server, by providing the full  filename path to the file server. If the file does not already   exist, it returns an error  message on standard error and return a non-zero error code.  6. The file server can allow multiple clients to simultaneously connect to a   single file  server for upload/download, and allow for apparently-simultaneous transfer.  7. Clients can be able to cleanly shut down the file server.  8. The system   can support the resume upload and download: If a file transfer between a  client and a server is interrupted (because the network, server, or client has failed), the    same client can be able to resume upload/download at the file server from the same  point of progress by re-requesting the same filename. This means, the client can   not have to upload/download the data that is already uploaded/downloaded. This system also handles server crashes too, uses “flush()” in the server.
